Cold Reading Outs

This makes it impossible to fail when making a prediction during a cold
reading, becuase your prediction is switched out if it doesn’t come true.

Write your first impressions down on a business card, and they can be as 
wild as you like.

Fold the business card over twice and set it down on the table. Next, once 
you have found the reason a person has come to see you, ask yourself if 
your impressions were correct. If they were you can show them the 
prediction. If they are not, reach into your pocket and produce another 
folded business card with a relevant, even if more general prediction.

All you have to do now is switch the cards. Do this by palming the second 
prediction in one hand, and picking the prediction on the table back up. 
Under the guise of unfolding the prediction secretly switch it with the 
second prediction, and pocket the first one.


Muscle Reading

Tou can also read what the audience writes down on a pad of paper even 
though you never sees the actual writing on the paper.

Practice by record yourself on video with a pen and a pad of paper.  Write 
all the letters of the alphabet, and as you do say them out loud while you 
are recording.

You can put the letters in any order, and do this with numbers too.  When 
you play back the video you will see exactly what it will looks like when 
an audience member writes down something on a pad of paper.

It doesn’t work like this with a mirror, because it flips everything 
backwards. Once you get good at this, practice doing it with the sound 
turned off. Muscle reading is one of the most powerful forms of mind 
reading and anyone can do it. What is best is that you can never be caught 
while doing it.


Elbow Reading 

If someone holds a large sheet of paper up, and they write really big on 
it with a pen, you can clearly see everything they write by looking at the 
movement of their elbow. This is much easier than trying to read the 
motion of their wrist.

Cold Reading System

This is my step by step system, to predict some ones star sign with just 
cold reading.

Step (1) Have a person write down the month they were born, the last two 
digits of the year they were born, and the age they will be at the end of 
the year. Make sure they use the age they will be at the end of the year 
and not just the age they are right now.

Step (2) Tell the participant to add these numbers together without 
showing them to you.

Step (3) Ask if the total is a 2 digit number or a 3 digit number. *

Step (4) Tell the participant to take their new number and, using 
numerology, add the digits in it together until they have a one digit 
number. For example:

Corey is 31, was born August 1 1983 and will turn 32 by the end of the 
year. So we add 32 + 83 + 8 = 123. We then reduce the total down by adding 
1 + 2 + 3 together, which gives us the number total of 6.

Step (5) Give a brief numerology reading based on this number (readings to 
follow).

Step (6) Find the current year in the provided chart and see what month 
this person falls under. Add 1 to the chart if their original total was a 
2 digit number
.
Step (7) Tell the participant which month their birthday is in, and give 
them a reading based on their sun sign.

Step (8) 6 months in every year will share a number on the chart with one 
other month. For instance, November and February share the number 9 in 
2015. So if the person’s number is one of two possible months, use the 
following script:

“Something special to you will happen in the month of __”

(Name one of two possible months)

“Do you know what it is?”
If YES:
“Is it your birthday?”

If NO:
“In another month, probably __ you will have a birthday.”

(Name other possible month)

“Which day of the month were you born?”

From here you know their star sign.

Here is a simple example of how this works before you try it for others:
“Take a pencil and some paper. Now don’t let me peek at it, okay?”

“Okay.”

“Write down three numbers, one below the other. The first number is the 
month you were born. The second number is the last two digits of the year 
you were born. And the third number is the age you will be at the end of 
the year. Understand?”

“Yes.”

“Good. Now add these three numbers together, got it?”

“Yes.”

“Is this a 2 or 3 digit number?”

“It’s a 3 digit number.”

“You will need to reduce this number down to one digit so we can do a 
reading. For example when I do this, I get 123. So I add 1 to 2, and get 
3. I add 3 to that, and get 6. 6 has a personal meaning for me. Your 
number will be different, and will mean something just for you. Okay?”

“Yes.”

“After you have reduced the number tell me what it is, so we can do the 
numerology reading.”

“Okay. My number is a 3.”

“A 3 year means you are going to be busy having lots of fun, and putting 
work on the back burner. You will have to manage your time, but you will 
be focused on what you want to do rather than what you have to do. It is a 
great time to meet people and make new friends, so you should try and find 
like-minded people who share your interests.”

“Wow!”
“I’m getting the feeling that something special for you will happen in the 
month of May. Does that make sense?”

“Yes!”

“I’m getting an impression that someone is having a birthday that month.”

“I am!”

“What day of the month were you born?”

“I was born on the 20 .”

“I thought so. You are a Taurus right?”

“Yes.”

“That means you are patient and reliable. People can also see you as 
stubborn, even when you aren’t. You are honest, and also know when
to keep your mouth shut. This is quite an accomplishment, really. No 
matter what blocks are in your path, you will find a way around them.

You are a very loving person, and have a great sense of fun. Sometimes you 
can be too focused on the material world, but you have good taste.  So 
that works out. Do you have any questions?”

“Yes, I want to know...”

From here you may go into any sort of reading you like.

The steps flow together in a natural way and you get a lot of direct hits, 
or what seems like direct hits, using these simple steps.

You will need this special Birth Month Chart to make this work:

	2016	2017	2018	2019	2020	2021	2022	2023
Jan	9	1	2	3	4	5	6	7
Feb	1	2	3	4	5	6	7	8
Mar	2	3	4	5	6	7	8	9
Apr	3	4	5	6	7	8	9	1
May	4	5	6	7	8	9	1	2
Jun	5	6	7	8	9	1	2	3
Jul	6	7	8	9	1	2	3	4
Aug	7	8	9	1	2	3	4	5
Sep	8	9	1	2	3	4	5	6
Oct	9	1	2	3	4	5	6	7
Nov	1	2	3	4	5	6	7	8
Dec	2	3	4	5	6	7	8	9	

