Numerology

1 Year
This year is a fresh start for you. You will be entering a whole new 
cycle, filled with optimism and energy. You could literally start anything 
this year, and it will be a success. The only problem will be managing all 
of this energy with all of the things you want to do this year. There are 
going to be many changes this year that relate to your job or personal 
life, but you will be ready for them.

1. Fresh start
2. New cycle
3. Full of optimism
4. Success with anything
5. Managing energy
6. Handling changes

2 Year
All of the high energy in last year will finally be calming down. So this 
year has the potential to be very easy going. Patience will be important
this year. Last year you were racing at high speeds to get things done, 
but this year you need to be more careful and take your time. If you can't 
	do this you will find yourself getting stressed out.

1. Life is calming down
2. An easy going year
3. Patience is important
4. Last year raced by
5. Take it easy
6. Don't get stressed out

3 Year
This year you are going to be busy having lots of fun, and putting work on 
the back burner. You will still have to manage your time, but you will be 
focusing on what you want to do rather than what you have to do. It is a 
great time to meet people and make new friends. Try and find like-minded 
people who share your interests.

1. Having lots of fun
2. Need to manage time
3. Focus on what you want
4. Making new friends
5. Sharing interests

4 Year
To be successful this year will require a lot of work on your part. You 
are going to be under pressure for most of the year, and it will take time 
to complete your goals. If you don’t plan ahead you could get into 
trouble. This year is going to challenge you, so don’t give up.

1. Success requires lots of work
2. Under pressure
3. Take time to complete goals
4. Plan ahead
5. Going to be a challenge

5 Year
There are quite a few surprises waiting for you this year, and you are 
ready for them. You have some surprises for the rest of us too. You are 
going to need lots of excitement this year, and it’s a good year to stop 
holding back. So do all kinds of new and different things, and stop 
putting off what you have been planning.

1. Be ready for surprises
3. Surprise everyone else
4. Need lots of excitement
5. Do new and different things
6. Finish what you have been planning

6 Year
If your relationships have been going well, then this year they are just 
going to get  closer. If they have been stressful, then you are going to 
have new and healthy interactions beginning this year. It is important to 
be understanding of the needs of others, even when you feel that you
may not be able to do much to help them.

1. Good relationships improve
2. Bad relationships end
3. Understanding needs of others
4. Can't always help

7 Year
You are going to need a lot of time to yourself this year. It is a good 
year to be in school, and to learn what you can about whatever interests 
you. This year will bring a lot of insight into your life and the world 
you live in. It isn’t the best year for making money, but is a good year
for making plans.

1. Time to yourself
2. Learn new things
3. Focus on Interests
4. Lots of insight
5. Not enough money
6. Great time to make plans

8 Year
This year is the best time to start making financial goals. You are going 
to see money coming back in again, but it will require some work on your 
part. It is also important to remember that you shouldn’t be working too 
hard this year, and that you need to save some time for yourself.

1. Making financial plans
2. Money coming in
3. Requires some work
4. Don't work too Hard
4. Take time for yourself

9 Year
Quit thinking about the past, and start making plans for the future this 
year. This will be difficult for you because there are so many things you 
want to do. However, once you decide on what you want, you will know 
exactly how to get it. It just won’t happen immediately.

1. Quit thinking about the past
2. Make plans for the future
3. Many opportunities
4. Decide on what you want
5. Know how to get it
