
Playing Card Readings

Ace of Clubs:
You can set an example for others by being self-directed. Now is the time 
for making plans, and moving forward with your goals.

1. Set an example
2. Making plans
3. Moving forward
4. Goals

Ace of Hearts:
It could be time to look for a new relationship, or maybe for a new start 
to an old romance. You have a naturally attractive personality. You just 
have to be ready to commit to a relationship.

1. New relationship
2. Naturally attractive
3. Commit

Ace of Spades:
You feel apart from your surroundings, and are ahead of the others around 
you. But now is a time where life is moving in new directions, and things 
are balanced between all and nothing.

1. Feeling apart
2. Ahead of others
3. New directions
4. All or nothing

Ace of Diamonds:
You are capable of having good financial sense, and you will need it to 
take advantage of new opportunities. You will have a new start with money, 
but you need to remember how to save what you have now for later on in 
life.

1. Financial sense
2. New opportunities
3. New starts
4. Save money

2 of Clubs:
Your plans will take time to develop but if you are a team player you will 
see them through. You have a strong need to express yourself, and would do 
good working in cooperation with others.

1. Plans
2. Team player
3. Express yourself
4. Cooperation

2 of Diamonds:
Make sure not to spend money that you will need later. Patience & 
diplomacy are required with money. There is a risk of becoming too 
dependent on others around you, but it is also a good time to look for 
work or to change careers.

1. Careful spending
2. Patience
3. Risk
4. Look for work

2 of Spades:
Let go of old baggage and avoid bad relationships. You will need to be 
strong as changes occur, and still be able to work with others to 
accomplish your dreams.

1. Bad relationships
2. Be strong
3. Changes
4. Cooperation

2 of Hearts:
This card is a sign of a healthy partnership. Patience if required 
concerning romance, and you will need some give and take with love. If 
this is a platonic relationship it could turn into something more.

1. Partnerships
2. Patience
3. Love and romance
4. becoming more

3 of Clubs:
You are having a busy time at work, and it can be hard to manage life at 
the same time. You know you need some help to succeed with your goals, and 
sometimes just wish you could make a career change.

1. Busy
2. Work & Life
3. Help
4. Career change

3 of Hearts:
You have more than one option here and can be content with all of your 
relationships. Now is the time to fall in love, and hope for deeper
relationships.

1. Options
2. Relationships
3. Falling in love
4. Deeper relationships

3 of Spades:
There isn’t enough time to finish everything you would like to get 
started. It might be time to go out with the old ways of doing things and 
in with the new. You just need a little help to make the changes you would 
like to see.

1. Time
2. Unfinished business
3. Out with the old
4. A little help

3 of Diamonds:
You could use a little help to manage your bills. There are more than a 
few opportunities out there for you. It’s possible you could even land a
new job if you are ready to change careers. Keep your fingers crossed for
a raise or a promotion, and don’t be afraid to ask for help.

1. Bills
2. Opportunities
3. Career change

4 of Clubs:
You enjoy hard work, and being of service to others. And if you just stuck 
to your plans, you could finally be proud of yourself.

1. Hard work
2. Service
3. Plans
4. Achievement

4 of Hearts:
You are having difficult times with a lover, and it is hard to find a way 
to work it out. In fact it seems like you are doing all of the work. 
Sometimes you just have to stop before saying what’s on your mind.

1. Difficult relationship.
2. Working it out
3. All the work
4. Stop yourself

4 of Spades:
You have a real desire for direction in life, and you need to take it. 
Hard work is required to prevent a weakness from falling through. Make
sure you are not leaving anything incomplete.

1. Direction
2. Hard Word
3. Weakness
4. Incomplete

4 of Diamonds:
Money has only come to you through a lot of hard work, and you still need 
to stretch every buck. You deserve more money than you are making, and are 
accomplishing more than you are given credit for.

1. Money
2. Hard work
3. Deserve more
4. Taking credit

5 of Clubs:
You are ready for a change and need to expand your horizons. Rethink what 
it is you want to do, and don’t be afraid to try something new. Right now 
is a good time to enjoy new goals and interests.

1. Change
2. Rethinking
3. Something new
4. Enjoying yourself

5 of Hearts:
There is plenty of freedom and happiness in your relationships. You are 
surrounded by unconditional love, and know how to enjoy platonic 
friendships. But you have to be careful taking any of them too far.

1. Freedom and happiness
2. Relationships
3. Unconditional love
4. Platonic friendships

5 of Spades:
There are sudden unexpected changes coming. You have to be flexible to do 
whatever you need to do to handle them. If you are getting restless 
waiting, get ready for an escape from the ordinary.

1. Changes
2. Flexible
3. Waiting
4. Escape

5 of Diamonds:
Be open to new opportunities. It’s a good time to invest in yourself, so 
spend money on what you want. Just don’t let it go to waste.

1. New opportunities
2. Spending money
3. What you want
4. Waste

6 of Clubs:
Try and find things to appreciate, and give yourself a purpose. Bring 
harmony back into your life by working with your family members to heal 
relationships.

1. Purpose
2. Harmony
3. Family
4. Healing

6 of Hearts:
You have deep love for everyone in your family. And being responsible for 
more than just yourself means sacrificing yourself for your family. This 
can give you happiness even when life is hard.

1. Love
2. Family
3. Responsibility
4. Sacrifice

6 of Spades:
This card is a warning not to be self-centered. Don’t get anxious over 
what’s bugging you. Think of these feelings like guides to what is really
important. This means changes concerning your whole family.

1. Warning
2. Anxiety
3. Guide to
4. Family

6 of Diamonds:
You are concerned less about your own needs and more about the needs of 
your family. Right now this comes down to the bottom line. So use your 
money wisely, and care for the ones you love.

1. Needs
2. Family
3. Money
4. Love

7 of Clubs:
You are able to reason your way through your problems. Done correctly this 
can be a very slow process. Overcoming obstacles is very often a moral 
victory, rather than just a physical one.

1. Problems
2. Process
3. Obstacles
4. Victory

7 of Hearts:
If you are depressed about a relationship or doubt that someone cares for 
you then you need to realize that this is a temporary situation. Now
is a time for peace and quiet and to remember to always stay positive

1. Depressed
2. Relationship
3. Temporary
4. Stay positive

7 of Spades:
Sometimes you feel surrounded by obstacles, skeptical anything will work 
out. These kinds of changes force re-evaluations in your thoughts. So 
remember to stay positive.

1. Obstacles
2. Skeptical
3. Re-evaluations
7. Stay positive

7 of Diamonds:
You are finding yourself thinking about money more than you want to. You 
just don’t feel like you have enough. It might be time to stop feeling 
like the cup is half empty.

1. Money
2. Not enough
3. Stop feeling
4. Half empty

8 of Clubs:
Make the most of what you have, and your financial goals will soon pay 
off. I see you enjoying what you are doing, maybe even working
for yourself.

1. Make the most
2. Financial goals
3. Enjoyment
4. Work

8 of Hearts:
Don’t try to be the center of the family. Instead remember that you are 
all equals. So don’t let financial matters involving your loved ones stop
you from having strong and healthy relationships.

1. Family
2. Equals
3. Finances
3. Relationships

8 of Spades:
Troubles with work because you don’t enjoy your job or are you having 
problems with your employer will soon melt away. Be ready for some 
financial changes and keep up the solid effort.

1. Troubles
2. Job
3. Employer
4. Financial changes

8 of Diamonds:
Get ready to enjoy material success. You have good opportunities in the 
future for financial advancement. Be careful not to become greedy
and you will enjoy life even more than you think is possible.

1. Success
2. Opportunities
3. Advancement
4. Greed

9 of Clubs:
Remember that to feel good about what you do means following your 
conscience and seeing value in your hard work. You are at your best when 
you are busy helping others with their needs.

1. Feeling good
2. Conscience
3. Hard word
4. Helping others

9 of Hearts:
Don’t be afraid of disappointment by becoming emotionally attached. By 
helping others you can become truly for fulfilled.

1. Disappointment
2. Emotionally attached
3. Helping others
4. Fulfilled

9 of Spades:
Accept life on its terms and don’t wait for someone else to help you.  You 
need to change your approach by taking responsibility for yourself. Then 
maybe you will be there to help someone else.

1. Acceptance
2. Don’t wait
3. Change approach
4. Take responsibility

9 of Diamonds:
You are generous by nature, but expect too much in return. The joy of 
fulfillment is the only happiness you really need from helping others.

1. Generous
2. Expectations
3. Happiness
4. Helping others

10 of Clubs:
This is the beginning of something big. Goals will rapidly develop, but 
you will need to think for yourself to make some very important decisions. 
So look at the big picture before you set out to do anything specific.

1. The beginning
2. Goals
3. Decisions
4. Big picture

10 of Hearts:
You can gauge the success of your romance by asking yourself if it is just 
another relationship or if it is true love. Don’t worry if it is not 
because there are new love interests waiting for you. You just need to be 
self confident enough to see them.

1. Romance
2. True love
3. New interests
4. Self-confidence

10 of Spades:
Major changes are making you feel like it’s time to start over. Anything
can happen, and the best way for you to move through it all is to accept
whatever comes your way.

1. Major changes
2. Starting over
3. Unpredictable
4. Acceptance

10 of Diamonds:
It’s time to be ambitious because there are good financial opportunities 
all around you. You are going to be a success with business, and you are 
up for a raise or maybe even a promotion in the future.

1. Ambitious
2. Opportunities
3. Success
4. Raise or promotion

Jack of Clubs:
Your quick thinking will get you out of any uncomfortable situations. 
Beyond your years, you have had many ideas worth using. The dreams you had 
in the past are still real for you now.

1. Quick thinking
2. Good ideas
3. Dreams
4. Feeling young

Jack of Hearts
You need to take action for your ideas and inspiration to be realized. It 
is a little too soon to be falling in love right now, but as long as you 
are responsible it may happen down 
the road.

1. Take action
2. Unrealized potential
3. Too soon
4. Falling in love

Jack of Spades
Don’t be a rebel without a cause. Even if it is time to initiate changes, 
you have to be careful taking action into your own hands. Right now you 
really just need to be listened to, so find someone close and talk through 
it.

1. Rebellion
2. Changes
3. Taking action
4. Communication

Jack of Diamonds:
You need help financially. This could come through a new job even if it is 
one you don’t really like. It could also come through receiving some 
money, but not from gambling. The best thing you can do right now is learn 
how to budget.

1. Financial help
2. New job
3. Money
4. Budgeting

Queen of Clubs:
It is hard work sometimes just to express your individuality. Don’t be too 
quick to pass judgment on those around you, but remember to listen to your 
intuition when making your decisions.

1. Hard work
2. Individuality
3. Judgment
4. Intuition

Queen of Hearts:
A need to feel important and loved is reciprocal. You just need to become 
more receptive to communication from others around you.

1. Reciprocal love
2. Receptive
3. Communication
4. Others around you

Queen of Spades:
You are able to make your own rules most of the time, and are a true 
individual. You try hard not to be judgmental, and can always find ways to 
make the situation suit your mood.

1. Rules
2. Individual
3. Judgment
4. Mood

Queen of Diamonds:
You are independent, and you live by your own principles. Relationships 
and money might seem like a dangerous combination, but they are also very 
romantic. So keep your eye out for someone new because they might just be 
a match.

1. Independent
2. Principles
3. Relationships
4. Money

King of Clubs:
Creative and hardworking, you are business driven. People find you 
respectable, and you’ll become something of an authority in your field.

1. Hard working
2. Business
3. Respectable
4. Authority

King of Hearts:
It may be time to settle down. This person could actually be the ‘one’. 
Whether you are in love, or the object of someone’s affection, it is time
to think seriously about where this relationship will go.

1. Settling down
2. The ‘One’
3. In love
4. Seriously

King of Spades
Don’t jump to conclusions, or pass judgment prematurely. If you want to 
cause some change then the best approach is not to be aggressive.

1. Conclusions
2. Judgment
3. Change
4. Not aggressive

King of Diamonds
You have created a life for yourself, and are becoming financially secure. 
Take initiative when you can with your finances, and it won’t hurt to ask 
for help from others.

1. Creating for yourself
2. Financially secure
3. Take initiative
4. Ask for help

Real Magic

This system invokes real magic through astrology and the Jewish tree of 
life using the relationship between the Sephirot in Kabbalah and the 
planets in Astrology. The Hebrew words for the planets and the Sepherot 
are included here as well. There is an exact one to one correspondence 
between all of the planets in astrology and all of the Sepherot in 
Kabbalah. That’s what makes this magic system work In Kabbalah generally, 
the Sepherot comprise the inner “life of God”, there unification being the 
task of man. When the Sepherot unite in the perfect realm of divinity, the 
divine presence unites with God below, and divine blessing is channeled to 
physical creation. The Sepherot only exist from the presence of creation. 
From the divine perspective only absolute unity exists. The Sepherot are 
the channels through which creation is enacted.

Sun – “Hammah or Shemesh”
Sephirah: Tiphareth
Meaning: Destiny

“You are the center and the one. You are the light and the Sun. A power 
greater there is 
none”

See Destiny
This is like seeing the ideal future of where you should be going. It is 
the potential world of intentions. Magic will naturally try to work its
way to bring about destiny, but it doesn’t always succeed.

Alter Destiny
This ability allows you to change the direction of destiny. While some 
magicians want to see results right away, this technique can be used to
achieve longer lasting goals. It can also be used in combination with 
other magic.

Be Forgiven
Destiny naturally works its way according to karmic forces. If you are 
clean from sin than you can expect good things to happen to you.

Moon – “Lebanah or Yareach”
Sephirah: Yesod
Meaning: Unconsciousness

“Goddess of the Moon
I am but a worthless lune.  Fallen to your magic swoon”

Cause Sleep
This ability is often called hypnotism. Using it you can put a person into 
a complete state of unconsciousness until you wake them back up.

Control Dreams
This is the ability to consciously interact with the dreams of yourself 
and other people to achieve your goals and desires. It is possible to
reprogram people while they are asleep and get information out of them 
that they are keeping secret.

Go Out of Body
This is the ability to enter the astral worlds of spirits and deities. 
These worlds speak to us almost like dreams, and can tell us things that 
we may not consciously know. It is a place where time and space have no 
meaning.

Mercury “Kokabor” or “Kochav Chama”
Sephirah: Hod
Meaning: Soul

“Guide me fully to the light lord Mercury. So I may weave this sorcery”

See Spirits
Spirits are not bound by space and time, but you know it when they are 
around you. You can see them and even talk to them. These spirits can even 
assist you in completing things of some importance to you.

Channel Spirits
This allows you to open up to spirits around you and let them into your 
body. Many people are afraid of this, but it can be a potent form of magic 
depending on how powerful the spirit inside of you is.

Bind Spirits
Spirits are bound by contracts in the same way that people are bound by 
laws. If you make a deal with a spirit they will always honor it. This is 
totally different than forcing spirits to work for you.

Venus – “Kokebet, or Nogah”
Sephirah: Netzach
Meaning: Life

“Behold the Goddess Venus, and as we gaze up to pure genius.  We know for 
sure that she has seen us”

Instincts & Emotions
This is not just about controlling instincts and emotions in other people, 
but is also about feeling them. This can even allow you to read minds.

Healing
Psychic surgery, power of prayer, faith healing. It is all real. Even if 
there are people out to scam you. The best medicine is of course feeling
good on the inside, and we can all work on that.

Peak Performance
This has the power to take your skills and put them to the test. Operate 
at your peak performance, and give more than 100%. You can even extend 
this to other people.

Earth – “Eretz”
Sephirah: Malkuth
Meaning: Producing

“Mother Earth
To all of us you gave birth.  We are all sacred and of worth”

Find Things
This is sometimes called dowsing. You can find people, places, or things 
with it. Generally anything you can imagine.

Attract Desires
This is not just limited to physical objects, but events and circumstances 
as well. You can even attract people to you with this ability

Purify Space
You can use this ability to enchant an area so it is more attuned to your 
magic. It can also be used to heal areas from negative energies as a
result of what has happened there in the past.

Mars – “Maadim or Ma’adim”
Sephirah: Geburah
Meaning: Spirit

“Warrior of the stars
Your light has come so vary far.  We worship you, God of Mars”

Summon Spirits
The Spiritual world transcends time & space so if you call to spirits they 
will always be able to hear you. If you want to cause change into the 
world then spirits are the most direct way to achieve your goals.

Control Spirits
Sometimes it is necessary to use your will to overpower a spirit. This is 
a dark art and almost always involves some kind of sacrifice.

Banish Spirits
To do this you set up a physical barrier between this world and the 
spiritual world, then send spirits outside of your sacred space. This 
barrier can protect you from forces you may not even be aware of.

Jupiter – “Zedek or Tzedek”
Sephirah: Chesed
Meaning: Removing

“Your spirit fills me to the core
Still you leave me wanting more
I worship you lord Jupiter”

Hiding
This allows you to hide from the spiritual eyes around you. It doesn’t 
make you invisible however, except from other magic. At the very
least it makes you appear less suspicious. 
Make Invisible
This is a lost art, but a very real ability. I first learned about it from 
Native American’s. They call it stalking, and use the ability to hunt for 
food.

Escape
This is the ability to exit from situations that you would rather not be 
in. It can also help you to arrive places safely and on time. Masters of
this art can disappear completely.

Saturn – “Shabbetai, or Shabtay”
Sephirah: Binah
Meaning: Time

“Guided by the light of Saturn.  Teach us more of the great pattern”

See the future
This ability is more than fortune telling. Using this ability you can 
actually see what will happen to a person in the future. Usually however, 
this is just a glimpse.

Sudden insight
To be successful in this world requires more than talent or ability. You 
have to learn how to learn. Some people speak 10 languages and solve
Rubik's Cubes in their sleep. We can all tap into this ability if we 
believe in it enough, and Saturn is here to help.

Perfect Timing
I don’t recommend putting this to the test in life or death situations. 
Speeding through stop lights to get where you need to go can be a death
sentence. However if you make It to the bus stop on time it always feels 
like an achievement.

Uranus – “Uron”
Sephirah: Daath
Meaning: Countering

“God of Urauns. You are forever famous. We ask that you should claim us”

See Magic
This allows you to see magic at work and determine where it comes from.

Diffuse Magic
This stops magic from doing anything at all.

Reverse Magic
This ability turns any magic back on its source, so any negative things 
only effect the person who wished them.

Neptune – “Rahav”
Sephirah: Chokmah
Meaning: Visions

“Neptune be with me soon
With your spirit we commune, as we sing this sacred tune”

Visualization
This ability is more of an art. It allows someone with sufficient 
willpower to imagine a scene so vividly that it will actually create 
whatever they envision.

Remote Viewing
This ability allows you to see what is happening in other locations where 
you are not currently present. It has been studied by the military,
and used by police to find missing people.

Signs & Manifestations
This allows you to receive signs, telling you what to do to create your 
goals, or what you are doing wrong.

Pluto – “Pluto”
Sephirah: Kether
Meaning: Luck

“As above so below,
This prayer is on its way to go all the way to Pluto”

See Probability:
You may not have an exact figure for it, but you know if you have a good 
chance or not at whatever it is. This isn’t the same as seeing the future 
because at this level there is no determined outcome.


Bless / Curse:
This surrounds something in good or bad luck. It can also have a certain 
purpose why it is in effect and draw that purpose to it.

Control Chaos
This is every gamblers fantasy. There is so much in this world that 
happens without a reason. Wouldn’t you like to control it?
