
Cold Reading Outs

Effect:
This trick makes it impossible to fail when making a prediction during a cold reading.

Secret:
The prediction is switched out if it doesn’t come true.

Performance:
Write your first impressions down on a business card, and they can be as wild as you like.

Fold the business card over twice and set it down on the table. Next, once you have found the reason a person has come to see you, ask yourself if your impressions were correct. If they are you can show them the prediction. If they are not, reach into your pocket and produce another folded
business card with a relevant, even if more general prediction.

All you have to do now is switch the cards. Do this by palming the second prediction in one hand, and picking the prediction on the table back up. Under the guise of unfolding the prediction secretly switch it with the second prediction, and pocket the first one.


Muscle Reading

The Effect:
The magician can read what the audience writes down on a pad of paper even though he never sees the paper.

The Secret:
Practice.

The Performance:
Record yourself on video with a pen and a pad of paper. Write on the paper all the letters of the alphabet, and as you do say them out loud while you are recording.

You can put the letters in any order, and do this with numbers too.  When you play back the video you will see exactly what it will looks like when an audience member writes down something on a pad of paper.

It doesn’t work like this with a mirror, because it flips everything backwards. Once you get good at this, practice doing it with the sound turned off. Muscle reading is one of the most powerful forms of mind reading and anyone can do it. What is best is that you can never be caught while doing it.


Elbow Reading 

If someone holds a large sheet of paper up, and they write really big on it with a pen, you can clearly see everything they write by looking at the movement of their elbow. This is much easier than trying to read the motion of their wrist.


Zodiac Cards

Effect: The magician can divine the star sign of an audience member using a packet of cards.

The Secret: A completely self-working math trick.

The Performance:
You will need to make a custom packet of 12 cards. Use blank-faced cards or business cards. Draw the symbol for each sun sign on the face
of these cards. Order the cards from the face of the packet to the top of the packet as follows: Taurus, Gemini, Cancer, Leo, Virgo, Libra, Scorpio, Sagittarius, Capricorn, Aquarius, Pisces, and Aries. They can even give the deck a cut as long as you see the top face of the deck after the cut.

Have a person take the deck face up, and secretly move one card from the top to the bottom, without you peeking. They are to do this once
for each month (starting with January), until they reach their birth month. They can do this while your back is turned. When they are finished, take the packet back. Without looking at the faces of any of the cards, reverse the order of all twelve cards by dealing them to the table one at a time. Then, find the month that began on the face of the packet in the following chart. It will tell you exactly how many cards to cut from the face to the back. When you are done, the sign on the top of the deck, or the sign directly under the top card, will be their zodiac sign!


Taurus 5
Gemini 6
Cancer 7
Leo 8
Virgo 9
Libra 10
Scorpio 11
Sagittarius 0
Capricorn 1
Aquarius 2
Pisces 3
Aries 4

You might reveal their star sign in a number of different ways. You can tell them you have it on top of the packet and ask what day of the month they were born. Turn the top card over, or if it is not on the top, do a double lift to prove certain he has their sign 100% of the time.
You can also use this deck as an out for real mind reading. If you write down a guess for the person’s star sign before the reading, then fold it up and place it down on the table. You can then tell them you have wrote an impression of them down before the reading without telling
them exactly what it is. Then after you get to their actual birth date during the course of the reading you have a 1/12 chance of a truly impossible miracle when you unfold the prediction.

If you didn’t predict their sign, switch out the prediction with another more general prediction that can’t be wrong. You can make a separate set of cards to help you memorize the numbers and signs used in this bonus system. On the face of each card you have a sign of the zodiac. On the back you have the number for the sign. If we were making this for Aries it would look like this:

Face: Aries
Back: 4 / April



Cold Reading System

This is my step by step system, to predict some ones star sign with just cold reading.

Step (1) Have a person write down the month they were born, the last two digits of the year they were born, and the age they will be at the end of the year. Make sure they use the age they will be at the end of the year and not just the age they are right now.

Step (2) Tell the participant to add these numbers together without showing them to you.

Step (3) Ask if the total is a 2 digit number or a 3 digit number. *

Step (4) Tell the participant to take their new number and, using numerology, add the digits in it together until they have a one digit number. For example:

Corey is 31, was born August 1 1983 and will turn 32 by the end of the year. So we add 32 + 83 + 8 = 123. We then reduce the total down by adding 1 + 2 + 3 together, which gives us the number total of 6.
Step (5) Give a brief numerology reading based on this number (readings to follow).




Step (6) Find the current year in the provided chart and see what month this person falls under. 

Add 1 to the chart if their original
total was a 2 digit number.
Step (7) Tell the participant which month their birthday is in, and give them a reading based on their sun sign.

Step (8) 6 months in every year will share a number on the chart with one other month. For instance, November and February share the number 9 in 2015. So if the person’s number is one of two possible months, use the following script:

“Something special to you will happen in the month of __”

(Name one of two possible months)

“Do you know what it is?”
If YES:
“Is it your birthday?”

If NO:
“In another month, probably __ you will have a birthday.”

(Name other possible month)

“Which day of the month were you born?”

From here you know their star sign.

Here is a simple example of how this works before you try it for others:
“Take a pencil and some paper. Now don’t let me peek at it, okay?”

“Okay.”

“Write down three numbers, one below the other. The first number is the month you were born. The second number is the last two digits of the year you were born. And the third number is the age you will be at the end of the year. Understand?”

“Yes.”

“Good. Now add these three numbers together, got it?”

“Yes.”

“Is this a 2 or 3 digit number?”

“It’s a 3 digit number.”

“You will need to reduce this number down to one digit so we can do a reading. For example when I do this, I get 123. So I add 1 to 2, and get 3. I add 3 to that, and get 6. 6 has a personal meaning for me. Your number will be different, and will mean something just for you. Okay?”

“Yes.”

“After you have reduced the number tell me what it is, so we can do the numerology reading.”

“Okay. My number is a 3.”

“A 3 year means you are going to be busy having lots of fun, and putting work on the back burner. You will have to manage your time, but you will be focused on what you want to do rather than what you have to do. It is a great time to meet people and make new friends, so you should try and find like-minded people who share your interests.”

“Wow!”
“I’m getting the feeling that something special for you will happen in the month of May. Does that make sense?”

“Yes!”

“I’m getting an impression that someone is having a birthday that month.”

“I am!”

“What day of the month were you born?”

“I was born on the 20 .”

“I thought so. You are a Taurus right?”

“Yes.”

“That means you are patient and reliable. People can also see you as stubborn, even when you aren’t. You are honest, and also know when
to keep your mouth shut. This is quite an accomplishment, really. No matter what blocks are in your path, you will find a way around them.

You are a very loving person, and have a great sense of fun. Sometimes you can be too focused on the material world, but you have good taste.  So that works out. Do you have any questions?”

“Yes, I want to know...”

From here you may go into any sort of reading you like.

The steps flow together in a natural way and you get a lot of direct hits, or what seems like direct hits, using these simple steps.

You will need this special Birth Month Chart to make this work:



	2016	2017	2018	2019	2020	2021	2022	2023
Jan	9	1	2	3	4	5	6	7
Feb	1	2	3	4	5	6	7	8
Mar	2	3	4	5	6	7	8	9
Apr	3	4	5	6	7	8	9	1
May	4	5	6	7	8	9	1	2
Jun	5	6	7	8	9	1	2	3
Jul	6	7	8	9	1	2	3	4
Aug	7	8	9	1	2	3	4	5
Sep	8	9	1	2	3	4	5	6
Oct	9	1	2	3	4	5	6	7
Nov	1	2	3	4	5	6	7	8
Dec	2	3	4	5	6	7	8	9	





Numerology

1 Year
This year is a fresh start for you. You will be entering a whole new cycle, filled with optimism and energy. You could literally start anything this year, and it will be a success. The only problem will be managing all of this energy with all of the things you want to do this year. There are going to be many changes this year that relate to your job or personal life, but you will be ready for them.

1. Fresh start
2. New cycle
3. Full of optimism
4. Success with anything
5. Managing energy
6. Handling changes

2 Year
All of the high energy in last year will finally be calming down. So this year has the potential to be very easy going. Patience will be important
this year. Last year you were racing at high speeds to get things done, but this year you need to be more careful and take your time. If you can't do this you will find yourself getting stressed out.

1. Life is calming down
2. An easy going year
3. Patience is important
4. Last year raced by
5. Take it easy
6. Don't get stressed out

3 Year
This year you are going to be busy having lots of fun, and putting work on the back burner. You will still have to manage your time, but you will be focusing on what you want to do rather than what you have to do. It is a great time to meet people and make new friends. Try and find like-minded people who share your interests.

1. Having lots of fun
2. Need to manage time
3. Focus on what you want
4. Making new friends
5. Sharing interests

4 Year
To be successful this year will require a lot of work on your part. You are going to be under pressure for most of the year, and it will take time to complete your goals. If you don’t plan ahead you could get into trouble. This year is going to challenge you, so don’t give up.

1. Success requires lots of work
2. Under pressure
3. Take time to complete goals
4. Plan ahead
5. Going to be a challenge

5 Year
There are quite a few surprises waiting for you this year, and you are ready for them. You have some surprises for the rest of us too. You are going to need lots of excitement this year, and it’s a good year to stop holding back. So do all kinds of new and different things, and stop putting off what you have been planning.

1. Be ready for surprises
3. Surprise everyone else
4. Need lots of excitement
5. Do new and different things
6. Finish what you have been planning

6 Year
If your relationships have been going well, then this year they are just going to get  closer. If they have been stressful, then you are going to have new and healthy interactions beginning this year. It is important to be understanding of the needs of others, even when you feel that you
may not be able to do much to help them.

1. Good relationships improve
2. Bad relationships end
3. Understanding needs of others
4. Can't always help

7 Year
You are going to need a lot of time to yourself this year. It is a good year to be in school, and to learn what you can about whatever interests you. This year will bring a lot of insight into your life and the world you live in. It isn’t the best year for making money, but is a good year
for making plans.

1. Time to yourself
2. Learn new things
3. Focus on Interests
4. Lots of insight
5. Not enough money
6. Great time to make plans

8 Year
This year is the best time to start making financial goals. You are going to see money coming back in again, but it will require some work on your part. It is also important to remember that you shouldn’t be working too hard this year, and that you need to save some time for yourself.

1. Making financial plans
2. Money coming in
3. Requires some work
4. Don't work too Hard
4. Take time for yourself

9 Year
Quit thinking about the past, and start making plans for the future this year. This will be difficult for you because there are so many things you want to do. However, once you decide on what you want, you will know exactly how to get it. It just won’t happen immediately.

1. Quit thinking about the past
2. Make plans for the future
3. Many opportunities
4. Decide on what you want
5. Know how to get it


Star Signs

Aries 
March 21 to April 20
You have a lot of energy, but can become reckless at times. You don’t like being criticized. You are usually warm and friendly, but you have a bit of a temper and know you need to watch that. You are courageous and take the initiative, even when no one else believes in you. This quality has made you a leader.

1. Reckless energy
2. Don't like criticism
3. Usually friendly
4. Have a temper
5. Courageous
6. Leader

Taurus
April 21 to May 20
You are patient and reliable. People can also see you as stubborn, even if they aren’t right. You are honest, and know when to keep your mouth shut. Which is quite an accomplishment, really. No matter what blocks are in your path, you will find a way around them. You are a very loving person, and have a great sense of fun. Sometimes you can be too focused on the material world, but you have good taste. So that works out.

1. Patient and reliable
2. Stubborn
3. Honest
4. Get past blocks
5. Great sense of fun
6. Too materialistic
7. Good taste

Gemini
May 21 to Jun 20
You are able to do many things at once, and are interested in many different subjects. However it is difficult for you to finish everything you start, and people feel it is hard to really get to know you. Once you do decide what you want to do, you can be very successful at whatever it is, but you have to get past all of that nervous energy that comes with being a Gemini.

1. Multi-Tasker
2. Hard to finishing everything
3. Takes time to get to know you
4. Friendships
5. Determined to succeed. 6. Can be too nervous

Cancer 
Jun 21 to July 22
You get along well with almost everyone, and hate feeling lonely. Often, you have gotten depressed when you aren’t around the people you care about. You have a hard time letting go of the past, and need to be careful about holding grudges. You are romantic and emotional, and these are some of your best qualities.

1. Like everyone
2. Hate feeling lonely
3. Get depressed
3. Trouble letting go of the past
4. Hold grudges
5. Romantic

Leo 
July 23 to Aug 23
You are good at making friends and like almost everyone. You have a hard time understanding why certain people don’t appreciate you the way you think they should. You like leadership positions, and won’t settle for something you don’t want to do. You are generous, and need to be careful letting others take advantage of you.

1. Good at making friends
2. Need to feel appreciated
3. Like leadership
4. Won't settle
5. Too generous

Virgo
Aug 23 to Sep 22
You are a humble person, and can be very down to earth. People sometimes think you are being too critical when you are just being cautious. Your friends know they can depend on you when they are in trouble, and that is one of your best qualities. You are modest, but know how to fit in with what’s popular. You generally conform well to whatever situation you are in.

1. Humble
2. Down to earth
3. Seem too critical
4. Can be cautious
5. Dependable
6. Modest
7. Conform well

Libra 
Sept 23 to Oct 22
People find you to be charming and attractive. You get along well with almost anyone, and don’t care about who is most popular. You find it hard to finalize your plans, and have trouble committing to anything. You are a romantic, but need everything to be perfect. You are also rather unpredictable.

1. Charming
2. Get along with everyone
3. Trouble committing
4. Romantic
5. Must be perfect
6. Unpredictable

Scorpio 
Oct 23 to Nov 22
You don’t stop something you start until it’s finished. You are competitive by nature, and when you lose your temper everyone knows about it. You are sensitive, and fall in love too easily. But you are independent and determined. People see you as being somewhat impatient, but you never give up on anything. You are very clever, and
are good at understanding how other people think.

1. Must finish
2. Competitive temper
3. Love to easily
4. Independent and determined
5. Impatient
6. Clever
7. Understanding

Sagittarius 
Nov 23 to Dec 21
You are optimistic. People tend to like your sense of humor, but you can sometimes be too outspoken. You are a true friend, and are easy to get along with. You don’t like being tied down, and don’t do well stuck in one place for any length of time. Sometimes you make decisions before thinking them all the way through.

1. Are optimistic
2. Good sense of humor
3. Outspoken
4. True friend
5. Tied down
6. Stuck
7. Make quick decisions

Capricorn 
Dec 22 to Jan 21
You love things to be perfect and are not happy when things don’t go the way you plan. You are independent, and only listen to people you look up to. You are also practical, but become pessimistic when things don’t go your way. You are good with finances, and do well in business.

1. Need to be perfect
2. According to plan
3. Independent
4. Practical
5. Can be pessimistic
6. Good with finances

Aquarius 
Jan 22 to Feb 21
You are open minded and don’t pass judgment on anyone. Other people feel like you are fairly difficult to get to know. You care very much about people but find it hard to express it. Once you make a friend they are yours for life. You are always looking ahead, and quickly adapt when situations change around you.

1. Open-minded
2. Getting to know people
3. Care about people
4. Friend for life
5. Looking ahead
6. Quickly adapt

Pisces 
Feb 22 to Mar 20
You find it hard to make up your mind about things, but you are always considerate of others. You are imaginative but can become too busy daydreaming. When you make a friend you will do anything to help them, but it’s hard for you to get to know people at first.

1. Make up your mind
2. Considerate of others
3. Imaginative
4. Will do anything
5. Meeting people

Playing Card Readings

Ace of Clubs:
You can set an example for others by being self-directed. Now is the time for making plans, and moving forward with your goals.

1. Set an example
2. Making plans
3. Moving forward
4. Goals

Ace of Hearts:
It could be time to look for a new relationship, or maybe for a new start to an old romance. You have a naturally attractive personality. You just have to be ready to commit to a relationship.

1. New relationship
2. Naturally attractive
3. Commit

Ace of Spades:
You feel apart from your surroundings, and are ahead of the others around you. But now is a time where life is moving in new directions, and things are balanced between all and nothing.

1. Feeling apart
2. Ahead of others
3. New directions
4. All or nothing

Ace of Diamonds:
You are capable of having good financial sense, and you will need it to take advantage of new opportunities. You will have a new start with money, but you need to remember how to save what you have now for later on in life.

1. Financial sense
2. New opportunities
3. New starts
4. Save money

2 of Clubs:
Your plans will take time to develop but if you are a team player you will see them through. You have a strong need to express yourself, and would do good working in cooperation with others.

1. Plans
2. Team player
3. Express yourself
4. Cooperation

2 of Diamonds:
Make sure not to spend money that you will need later. Patience & diplomacy are required with money. There is a risk of becoming too dependent on others around you, but it is also a good time to look for work or to change careers.

1. Careful spending
2. Patience
3. Risk
4. Look for work

2 of Spades:
Let go of old baggage and avoid bad relationships. You will need to be strong as changes occur, and still be able to work with others to accomplish your dreams.

1. Bad relationships
2. Be strong
3. Changes
4. Cooperation

2 of Hearts:
This card is a sign of a healthy partnership. Patience if required concerning romance, and you will need some give and take with love. If this is a platonic relationship it could turn into something more.

1. Partnerships
2. Patience
3. Love and romance
4. becoming more

3 of Clubs:
You are having a busy time at work, and it can be hard to manage life at the same time. You know you need some help to succeed with your goals, and sometimes just wish you could make a career change.

1. Busy
2. Work & Life
3. Help
4. Career change

3 of Hearts:
You have more than one option here and can be content with all of your relationships. Now is the time to fall in love, and hope for deeper
relationships.

1. Options
2. Relationships
3. Falling in love
4. Deeper relationships

3 of Spades:
There isn’t enough time to finish everything you would like to get started. It might be time to go out with the old ways of doing things and in with the new. You just need a little help to make the changes you would like to see.

1. Time
2. Unfinished business
3. Out with the old
4. A little help

3 of Diamonds:
You could use a little help to manage your bills. There are more than a few 
opportunities out there for you. It’s possible you could even land a new job if you are ready to change careers. Keep your fingers crossed for a raise or a promotion, and don’t be afraid to ask for help.

1. Bills
2. Opportunities
3. Career change

4 of Clubs:
You enjoy hard work, and being of service to others. And if you just stuck to your plans, you could finally be proud of yourself.

1. Hard work
2. Service
3. Plans
4. Achievement

4 of Hearts:
You are having difficult times with a lover, and it is hard to find a way to work it out. In fact it seems like you are doing all of the work. Sometimes you just have to stop before saying what’s on your mind.

1. Difficult relationship.
2. Working it out
3. All the work
4. Stop yourself

4 of Spades:
You have a real desire for direction in life, and you need to take it. Hard work is required to prevent a weakness from falling through. Make
sure you are not leaving anything incomplete.

1. Direction
2. Hard Word
3. Weakness
4. Incomplete

4 of Diamonds:
Money has only come to you through a lot of hard work, and you still need to stretch every buck. You deserve more money than you are making, and are accomplishing more than you are given credit for.

1. Money
2. Hard work
3. Deserve more
4. Taking credit

5 of Clubs:
You are ready for a change and need to expand your horizons. Rethink what it is you want to do, and don’t be afraid to try something new. Right now is a good time to enjoy new goals and interests.

1. Change
2. Rethinking
3. Something new
4. Enjoying yourself

5 of Hearts:
There is plenty of freedom and happiness in your relationships. You are surrounded by unconditional love, and know how to enjoy platonic friendships. But you have to be careful taking any of them too far.

1. Freedom and happiness
2. Relationships
3. Unconditional love
4. Platonic friendships

5 of Spades:
There are sudden unexpected changes coming. You have to be flexible to do whatever you need to do to handle them. If you are getting restless waiting, get ready for an escape from the ordinary.

1. Changes
2. Flexible
3. Waiting
4. Escape

5 of Diamonds:
Be open to new opportunities. It’s a good time to invest in yourself, so spend money on what you want. Just don’t let it go to waste.

1. New opportunities
2. Spending money
3. What you want
4. Waste

6 of Clubs:
Try and find things to appreciate, and give yourself a purpose. Bring harmony back into your life by working with your family members to heal relationships.

1. Purpose
2. Harmony
3. Family
4. Healing

6 of Hearts:
You have deep love for everyone in your family. And being responsible for more than just yourself means sacrificing yourself for your family. This can give you happiness even when life is hard.

1. Love
2. Family
3. Responsibility
4. Sacrifice

6 of Spades:
This card is a warning not to be self-centered. Don’t get anxious over what’s bugging you. Think of these feelings like guides to what is really
important. This means changes concerning your whole family.

1. Warning
2. Anxiety
3. Guide to
4. Family

6 of Diamonds:
You are concerned less about your own needs and more about the needs of your family. Right now this comes down to the bottom line. So use your money wisely, and care for the ones you love.

1. Needs
2. Family
3. Money
4. Love

7 of Clubs:
You are able to reason your way through your problems. Done correctly this can be a very slow process. Overcoming obstacles is very often a moral victory, rather than just a physical one.

1. Problems
2. Process
3. Obstacles
4. Victory

7 of Hearts:
If you are depressed about a relationship or doubt that someone cares for you then you need to realize that this is a temporary situation. Now
is a time for peace and quiet and to remember to always stay positive

1. Depressed
2. Relationship
3. Temporary
4. Stay positive

7 of Spades:
Sometimes you feel surrounded by obstacles, skeptical anything will work out. These kinds of changes force re-evaluations in your thoughts. So remember to stay positive.

1. Obstacles
2. Skeptical
3. Re-evaluations
7. Stay positive

7 of Diamonds:
You are finding yourself thinking about money more than you want to. You just don’t feel like you have enough. It might be time to stop feeling like the cup is half empty.

1. Money
2. Not enough
3. Stop feeling
4. Half empty

8 of Clubs:
Make the most of what you have, and your financial goals will soon pay off. I see you enjoying what you are doing, maybe even working
for yourself.

1. Make the most
2. Financial goals
3. Enjoyment
4. Work

8 of Hearts:
Don’t try to be the center of the family. Instead remember that you are all equals. So don’t let financial matters involving your loved ones stop
you from having strong and healthy relationships.

1. Family
2. Equals
3. Finances
3. Relationships

8 of Spades:
Troubles with work because you don’t enjoy your job or are you having problems with your employer will soon melt away. Be ready for some financial changes and keep up the solid effort.

1. Troubles
2. Job
3. Employer
4. Financial changes

8 of Diamonds:
Get ready to enjoy material success. You have good opportunities in the future for financial advancement. Be careful not to become greedy
and you will enjoy life even more than you think is possible.

1. Success
2. Opportunities
3. Advancement
4. Greed

9 of Clubs:
Remember that to feel good about what you do means following your conscience and seeing value in your hard work. You are at your best when you are busy helping others with their needs.

1. Feeling good
2. Conscience
3. Hard word
4. Helping others

9 of Hearts:
Don’t be afraid of disappointment by becoming emotionally attached. By helping others you can become truly for fulfilled.

1. Disappointment
2. Emotionally attached
3. Helping others
4. Fulfilled

9 of Spades:
Accept life on its terms and don’t wait for someone else to help you.  You need to change your approach by taking responsibility for yourself. Then maybe you will be there to help someone else.

1. Acceptance
2. Don’t wait
3. Change approach
4. Take responsibility

9 of Diamonds:
You are generous by nature, but expect too much in return. The joy of fulfillment is the only happiness you really need from helping others.

1. Generous
2. Expectations
3. Happiness
4. Helping others

10 of Clubs:
This is the beginning of something big. Goals will rapidly develop, but you will need to think for yourself to make some very important decisions. So look at the big picture before you set out to do anything specific.

1. The beginning
2. Goals
3. Decisions
4. Big picture

10 of Hearts:
You can gauge the success of your romance by asking yourself if it is just another relationship or if it is true love. Don’t worry if it is not because there are new love interests waiting for you. You just need to be self confident enough to see them.

1. Romance
2. True love
3. New interests
4. Self-confidence

10 of Spades:
Major changes are making you feel like it’s time to start over. Anything
can happen, and the best way for you to move through it all is to accept
whatever comes your way.

1. Major changes
2. Starting over
3. Unpredictable
4. Acceptance

10 of Diamonds:
It’s time to be ambitious because there are good financial opportunities all around you. You are going to be a success with business, and you are up for a raise or maybe even a promotion in the future.

1. Ambitious
2. Opportunities
3. Success
4. Raise or promotion

Jack of Clubs:
Your quick thinking will get you out of any uncomfortable situations. Beyond your years, you have had many ideas worth using. The dreams you had in the past are still real for you now.

1. Quick thinking
2. Good ideas
3. Dreams
4. Feeling young

Jack of Hearts
You need to take action for your ideas and inspiration to be realized. It is a little too soon to be falling in love right now, but as long as you are responsible it may happen down 
the road.

1. Take action
2. Unrealized potential
3. Too soon
4. Falling in love

Jack of Spades
Don’t be a rebel without a cause. Even if it is time to initiate changes, you have to be careful taking action into your own hands. Right now you really just need to be listened to, so find someone close and talk through it.

1. Rebellion
2. Changes
3. Taking action
4. Communication

Jack of Diamonds:
You need help financially. This could come through a new job even if it is one you don’t really like. It could also come through receiving some money, but not from gambling. The best thing you can do right now is learn how to budget.

1. Financial help
2. New job
3. Money
4. Budgeting

Queen of Clubs:
It is hard work sometimes just to express your individuality. Don’t be too quick to pass judgment on those around you, but remember to listen to your intuition when making your decisions.

1. Hard work
2. Individuality
3. Judgment
4. Intuition

Queen of Hearts:
A need to feel important and loved is reciprocal. You just need to become more receptive to communication from others around you.

1. Reciprocal love
2. Receptive
3. Communication
4. Others around you

Queen of Spades:
You are able to make your own rules most of the time, and are a true individual. You try hard not to be judgmental, and can always find ways to make the situation suit your mood.

1. Rules
2. Individual
3. Judgment
4. Mood

Queen of Diamonds:
You are independent, and you live by your own principles. Relationships and money might seem like a dangerous combination, but they are also very romantic. So keep your eye out for someone new because they might just be a match.

1. Independent
2. Principles
3. Relationships
4. Money

King of Clubs:
Creative and hardworking, you are business driven. People find you respectable, and you’ll become something of an authority in your field.

1. Hard working
2. Business
3. Respectable
4. Authority

King of Hearts:
It may be time to settle down. This person could actually be the ‘one’. Whether you are in love, or the object of someone’s affection, it is time
to think seriously about where this relationship will go.

1. Settling down
2. The ‘One’
3. In love
4. Seriously

King of Spades
Don’t jump to conclusions, or pass judgment prematurely. If you want to cause some change then the best approach is not to be aggressive.

1. Conclusions
2. Judgment
3. Change
4. Not aggressive

King of Diamonds
You have created a life for yourself, and are becoming financially secure. Take initiative when you can with your finances, and it won’t hurt to ask for help from others.

1. Creating for yourself
2. Financially secure
3. Take initiative
4. Ask for help

Real Magic

This system invokes real magic through astrology and the Jewish tree of life using the relationship between the Sephirot in Kabbalah and the planets in Astrology. The Hebrew words for the planets and the Sepherot are included here as well. There is an exact one to one correspondence between all of the planets in astrology and all of the Sepherot in Kabbalah. That’s what makes this magic system work In Kabbalah generally, the Sepherot comprise the inner “life of God”, there unification being the task of man. When the Sepherot unite in the perfect realm of divinity, the divine presence unites with God below, and divine blessing is channeled to physical creation. The Sepherot only exist from the presence of creation. From the divine perspective only absolute unity exists. The Sepherot are the channels through which creation is enacted.

Sun – “Hammah or Shemesh”
Sephirah: Tiphareth
Meaning: Destiny

“You are the center and the one. You are the light and the Sun. A power greater there is 
none”

See Destiny
This is like seeing the ideal future of where you should be going. It is the potential world of intentions. Magic will naturally try to work its
way to bring about destiny, but it doesn’t always succeed.

Alter Destiny
This ability allows you to change the direction of destiny. While some magicians want to see results right away, this technique can be used to
achieve longer lasting goals. It can also be used in combination with other magic.

Be Forgiven
Destiny naturally works its way according to karmic forces. If you are clean from sin than you can expect good things to happen to you.

Moon – “Lebanah or Yareach”
Sephirah: Yesod
Meaning: Unconsciousness

“Goddess of the Moon
I am but a worthless lune.  Fallen to your magic swoon”

Cause Sleep
This ability is often called hypnotism. Using it you can put a person into a complete state of unconsciousness until you wake them back up.

Control Dreams
This is the ability to consciously interact with the dreams of yourself and other people to achieve your goals and desires. It is possible to
reprogram people while they are asleep and get information out of them that they are keeping secret.

Go Out of Body
This is the ability to enter the astral worlds of spirits and deities. These worlds speak to us almost like dreams, and can tell us things that we may not consciously know. It is a place where time and space have no meaning.

Mercury “Kokabor” or “Kochav Chama”
Sephirah: Hod
Meaning: Soul

“Guide me fully to the light lord Mercury. So I may weave this sorcery”

See Spirits
Spirits are not bound by space and time, but you know it when they are around you. You can see them and even talk to them. These spirits can even assist you in completing things of some importance to you.

Channel Spirits
This allows you to open up to spirits around you and let them into your body. Many people are afraid of this, but it can be a potent form of magic depending on how powerful the spirit inside of you is.

Bind Spirits
Spirits are bound by contracts in the same way that people are bound by laws. If you make a deal with a spirit they will always honor it. This is totally different than forcing spirits to work for you.

Venus – “Kokebet, or Nogah”
Sephirah: Netzach
Meaning: Life

“Behold the Goddess Venus, and as we gaze up to pure genius.  We know for sure that she has seen us”

Instincts & Emotions
This is not just about controlling instincts and emotions in other people, but is also about feeling them. This can even allow you to read minds.

Healing
Psychic surgery, power of prayer, faith healing. It is all real. Even if there are people out to scam you. The best medicine is of course feeling
good on the inside, and we can all work on that.

Peak Performance
This has the power to take your skills and put them to the test. Operate at your peak performance, and give more than 100%. You can even extend this to other people.

Earth – “Eretz”
Sephirah: Malkuth
Meaning: Producing

“Mother Earth
To all of us you gave birth.  We are all sacred and of worth”

Find Things
This is sometimes called dowsing. You can find people, places, or things with it. Generally anything you can imagine.

Attract Desires
This is not just limited to physical objects, but events and circumstances as well. You can even attract people to you with this ability

Purify Space
You can use this ability to enchant an area so it is more attuned to your magic. It can also be used to heal areas from negative energies as a
result of what has happened there in the past.

Mars – “Maadim or Ma’adim”
Sephirah: Geburah
Meaning: Spirit

“Warrior of the stars
Your light has come so vary far.  We worship you, God of Mars”

Summon Spirits
The Spiritual world transcends time & space so if you call to spirits they will always be able to hear you. If you want to cause change into the world then spirits are the most direct way to achieve your goals.

Control Spirits
Sometimes it is necessary to use your will to overpower a spirit. This is a dark art and almost always involves some kind of sacrifice.

Banish Spirits
To do this you set up a physical barrier between this world and the spiritual world, then send spirits outside of your sacred space. This barrier can protect you from forces you may not even be aware of.

Jupiter – “Zedek or Tzedek”
Sephirah: Chesed
Meaning: Removing

“Your spirit fills me to the core
Still you leave me wanting more
I worship you lord Jupiter”

Hiding
This allows you to hide from the spiritual eyes around you. It doesn’t make you invisible however, except from other magic. At the very
least it makes you appear less suspicious. 
Make Invisible
This is a lost art, but a very real ability. I first learned about it from Native American’s. They call it stalking, and use the ability to hunt for food.

Escape
This is the ability to exit from situations that you would rather not be in. It can also help you to arrive places safely and on time. Masters of
this art can disappear completely.

Saturn – “Shabbetai, or Shabtay”
Sephirah: Binah
Meaning: Time

“Guided by the light of Saturn.  Teach us more of the great pattern”

See the future
This ability is more than fortune telling. Using this ability you can actually see what will happen to a person in the future. Usually however, this is just a glimpse.

Sudden insight
To be successful in this world requires more than talent or ability. You have to learn how to learn. Some people speak 10 languages and solve
Rubik's Cubes in their sleep. We can all tap into this ability if we believe in it enough, and Saturn is here to help.

Perfect Timing
I don’t recommend putting this to the test in life or death situations. Speeding through stop lights to get where you need to go can be a death
sentence. However if you make It to the bus stop on time it always feels like an achievement.

Uranus – “Uron”
Sephirah: Daath
Meaning: Countering

“God of Urauns. You are forever famous. We ask that you should claim us”

See Magic
This allows you to see magic at work and determine where it comes from.

Diffuse Magic
This stops magic from doing anything at all.

Reverse Magic
This ability turns any magic back on its source, so any negative things only effect the person who wished them.

Neptune – “Rahav”
Sephirah: Chokmah
Meaning: Visions

“Neptune be with me soon
With your spirit we commune, as we sing this sacred tune”

Visualization
This ability is more of an art. It allows someone with sufficient willpower to imagine a scene so vividly that it will actually create whatever they envision.

Remote Viewing
This ability allows you to see what is happening in other locations where you are not currently present. It has been studied by the military,
and used by police to find missing people.

Signs & Manifestations
This allows you to receive signs, telling you what to do to create your goals, or what you are doing wrong.

Pluto – “Pluto”
Sephirah: Kether
Meaning: Luck

“As above so below,
This prayer is on its way to go all the way to Pluto”

See Probability:
You may not have an exact figure for it, but you know if you have a good chance or not at whatever it is. This isn’t the same as seeing the future because at this level there is no determined outcome.


Bless / Curse:
This surrounds something in good or bad luck. It can also have a certain purpose why it is in effect and draw that purpose to it.

Control Chaos
This is every gamblers fantasy. There is so much in this world that happens without a reason. Wouldn’t you like to control it?





