
Real Magic

This system invokes real magic through astrology and the Jewish tree of 
life using the relationship between the Sephirot in Kabbalah and the 
planets in Astrology. The Hebrew words for the planets and the Sepherot 
are included here as well. There is an exact one to one correspondence 
between all of the planets in astrology and all of the Sepherot in 
Kabbalah. That’s what makes this magic system work In Kabbalah generally, 
the Sepherot comprise the inner “life of God”, there unification being the 
task of man. When the Sepherot unite in the perfect realm of divinity, the 
divine presence unites with God below, and divine blessing is channeled to 
physical creation. The Sepherot only exist from the presence of creation. 
From the divine perspective only absolute unity exists. The Sepherot are 
the channels through which creation is enacted.

Sun – “Hammah or Shemesh”
Sephirah: Tiphareth
Meaning: Destiny

“You are the center and the one. You are the light and the Sun. A power 
greater there is 
none”

See Destiny
This is like seeing the ideal future of where you should be going. It is 
the potential world of intentions. Magic will naturally try to work its
way to bring about destiny, but it doesn’t always succeed.

Alter Destiny
This ability allows you to change the direction of destiny. While some 
magicians want to see results right away, this technique can be used to
achieve longer lasting goals. It can also be used in combination with 
other magic.

Be Forgiven
Destiny naturally works its way according to karmic forces. If you are 
clean from sin than you can expect good things to happen to you.

Moon – “Lebanah or Yareach”
Sephirah: Yesod
Meaning: Unconsciousness

“Goddess of the Moon
I am but a worthless lune.  Fallen to your magic swoon”

Cause Sleep
This ability is often called hypnotism. Using it you can put a person into 
a complete state of unconsciousness until you wake them back up.

Control Dreams
This is the ability to consciously interact with the dreams of yourself 
and other people to achieve your goals and desires. It is possible to
reprogram people while they are asleep and get information out of them 
that they are keeping secret.

Go Out of Body
This is the ability to enter the astral worlds of spirits and deities. 
These worlds speak to us almost like dreams, and can tell us things that 
we may not consciously know. It is a place where time and space have no 
meaning.

Mercury “Kokabor” or “Kochav Chama”
Sephirah: Hod
Meaning: Soul

“Guide me fully to the light lord Mercury. So I may weave this sorcery”

See Spirits
Spirits are not bound by space and time, but you know it when they are 
around you. You can see them and even talk to them. These spirits can even 
assist you in completing things of some importance to you.

Channel Spirits
This allows you to open up to spirits around you and let them into your 
body. Many people are afraid of this, but it can be a potent form of magic 
depending on how powerful the spirit inside of you is.

Bind Spirits
Spirits are bound by contracts in the same way that people are bound by 
laws. If you make a deal with a spirit they will always honor it. This is 
totally different than forcing spirits to work for you.

Venus – “Kokebet, or Nogah”
Sephirah: Netzach
Meaning: Life

“Behold the Goddess Venus, and as we gaze up to pure genius.  We know for 
sure that she has seen us”

Instincts & Emotions
This is not just about controlling instincts and emotions in other people, 
but is also about feeling them. This can even allow you to read minds.

Healing
Psychic surgery, power of prayer, faith healing. It is all real. Even if 
there are people out to scam you. The best medicine is of course feeling
good on the inside, and we can all work on that.

Peak Performance
This has the power to take your skills and put them to the test. Operate 
at your peak performance, and give more than 100%. You can even extend 
this to other people.

Earth – “Eretz”
Sephirah: Malkuth
Meaning: Producing

“Mother Earth
To all of us you gave birth.  We are all sacred and of worth”

Find Things
This is sometimes called dowsing. You can find people, places, or things 
with it. Generally anything you can imagine.

Attract Desires
This is not just limited to physical objects, but events and circumstances 
as well. You can even attract people to you with this ability

Purify Space
You can use this ability to enchant an area so it is more attuned to your 
magic. It can also be used to heal areas from negative energies as a
result of what has happened there in the past.

Mars – “Maadim or Ma’adim”
Sephirah: Geburah
Meaning: Spirit

“Warrior of the stars
Your light has come so vary far.  We worship you, God of Mars”

Summon Spirits
The Spiritual world transcends time & space so if you call to spirits they 
will always be able to hear you. If you want to cause change into the 
world then spirits are the most direct way to achieve your goals.

Control Spirits
Sometimes it is necessary to use your will to overpower a spirit. This is 
a dark art and almost always involves some kind of sacrifice.

Banish Spirits
To do this you set up a physical barrier between this world and the 
spiritual world, then send spirits outside of your sacred space. This 
barrier can protect you from forces you may not even be aware of.

Jupiter – “Zedek or Tzedek”
Sephirah: Chesed
Meaning: Removing

“Your spirit fills me to the core
Still you leave me wanting more
I worship you lord Jupiter”

Hiding
This allows you to hide from the spiritual eyes around you. It doesn’t 
make you invisible however, except from other magic. At the very
least it makes you appear less suspicious. 
Make Invisible
This is a lost art, but a very real ability. I first learned about it from 
Native American’s. They call it stalking, and use the ability to hunt for 
food.

Escape
This is the ability to exit from situations that you would rather not be 
in. It can also help you to arrive places safely and on time. Masters of
this art can disappear completely.

Saturn – “Shabbetai, or Shabtay”
Sephirah: Binah
Meaning: Time

“Guided by the light of Saturn.  Teach us more of the great pattern”

See the future
This ability is more than fortune telling. Using this ability you can 
actually see what will happen to a person in the future. Usually however, 
this is just a glimpse.

Sudden insight
To be successful in this world requires more than talent or ability. You 
have to learn how to learn. Some people speak 10 languages and solve
Rubik's Cubes in their sleep. We can all tap into this ability if we 
believe in it enough, and Saturn is here to help.

Perfect Timing
I don’t recommend putting this to the test in life or death situations. 
Speeding through stop lights to get where you need to go can be a death
sentence. However if you make It to the bus stop on time it always feels 
like an achievement.

Uranus – “Uron”
Sephirah: Daath
Meaning: Countering

“God of Urauns. You are forever famous. We ask that you should claim us”

See Magic
This allows you to see magic at work and determine where it comes from.

Diffuse Magic
This stops magic from doing anything at all.

Reverse Magic
This ability turns any magic back on its source, so any negative things 
only effect the person who wished them.

Neptune – “Rahav”
Sephirah: Chokmah
Meaning: Visions

“Neptune be with me soon
With your spirit we commune, as we sing this sacred tune”

Visualization
This ability is more of an art. It allows someone with sufficient 
willpower to imagine a scene so vividly that it will actually create 
whatever they envision.

Remote Viewing
This ability allows you to see what is happening in other locations where 
you are not currently present. It has been studied by the military,
and used by police to find missing people.

Signs & Manifestations
This allows you to receive signs, telling you what to do to create your 
goals, or what you are doing wrong.

Pluto – “Pluto”
Sephirah: Kether
Meaning: Luck

“As above so below,
This prayer is on its way to go all the way to Pluto”

See Probability:
You may not have an exact figure for it, but you know if you have a good 
chance or not at whatever it is. This isn’t the same as seeing the future 
because at this level there is no determined outcome.


Bless / Curse:
This surrounds something in good or bad luck. It can also have a certain 
purpose why it is in effect and draw that purpose to it.

Control Chaos
This is every gamblers fantasy. There is so much in this world that 
happens without a reason. Wouldn’t you like to control it?
