Star Signs

Aries 
March 21 to April 20
You have a lot of energy, but can become reckless at times. You don’t like 
being criticized. You are usually warm and friendly, but you have a bit of 
a temper and know you need to watch that. You are courageous and take the 
initiative, even when no one else believes in you. This quality has made 
you a leader.

1. Reckless energy
2. Don't like criticism
3. Usually friendly
4. Have a temper
5. Courageous
6. Leader

Taurus
April 21 to May 20
You are patient and reliable. People can also see you as stubborn, even if 
they aren’t right. You are honest, and know when to keep your mouth shut. 
Which is quite an accomplishment, really. No matter what blocks are in 
your path, you will find a way around them. You are a very loving person, 
and have a great sense of fun. Sometimes you can be too focused on the 
material world, but you have good taste. So that works out.

1. Patient and reliable
2. Stubborn
3. Honest
4. Get past blocks
5. Great sense of fun
6. Too materialistic
7. Good taste

Gemini
May 21 to Jun 20
You are able to do many things at once, and are interested in many 
different subjects. However it is difficult for you to finish everything 
you start, and people feel it is hard to really get to know you. Once you 
do decide what you want to do, you can be very successful at whatever it 
is, but you have to get past all of that nervous energy that comes with 
being a Gemini.

1. Multi-Tasker
2. Hard to finishing everything
3. Takes time to get to know you
4. Friendships
5. Determined to succeed. 6. Can be too nervous

Cancer 
Jun 21 to July 22
You get along well with almost everyone, and hate feeling lonely. Often, 
you have gotten depressed when you aren’t around the people you care 
about. You have a hard time letting go of the past, and need to be careful 
about holding grudges. You are romantic and emotional, and these are some 
of your best qualities.

1. Like everyone
2. Hate feeling lonely
3. Get depressed
3. Trouble letting go of the past
4. Hold grudges
5. Romantic

Leo 
July 23 to Aug 23
You are good at making friends and like almost everyone. You have a hard 
time understanding why certain people don’t appreciate you the way you 
think they should. You like leadership positions, and won’t settle for 
something you don’t want to do. You are generous, and need to be careful 
letting others take advantage of you.

1. Good at making friends
2. Need to feel appreciated
3. Like leadership
4. Won't settle
5. Too generous

Virgo
Aug 23 to Sep 22
You are a humble person, and can be very down to earth. People sometimes 
think you are being too critical when you are just being cautious. Your 
friends know they can depend on you when they are in trouble, and that is 
one of your best qualities. You are modest, but know how to fit in with 
what’s popular. You generally conform well to whatever situation you are 
in.

1. Humble
2. Down to earth
3. Seem too critical
4. Can be cautious
5. Dependable
6. Modest
7. Conform well

Libra 
Sept 23 to Oct 22
People find you to be charming and attractive. You get along well with 
almost anyone, and don’t care about who is most popular. You find it hard 
to finalize your plans, and have trouble committing to anything. You are a 
romantic, but need everything to be perfect. You are also rather 
unpredictable.

1. Charming
2. Get along with everyone
3. Trouble committing
4. Romantic
5. Must be perfect
6. Unpredictable

Scorpio 
Oct 23 to Nov 22
You don’t stop something you start until it’s finished. You are 
competitive by nature, and when you lose your temper everyone knows about 
it. You are sensitive, and fall in love too easily. But you are 
independent and determined. People see you as being somewhat impatient, 
but you never give up on anything. You are very clever, and
are good at understanding how other people think.

1. Must finish
2. Competitive temper
3. Love to easily
4. Independent and determined
5. Impatient
6. Clever
7. Understanding

Sagittarius 
Nov 23 to Dec 21
You are optimistic. People tend to like your sense of humor, but you can 
sometimes be too outspoken. You are a true friend, and are easy to get 
along with. You don’t like being tied down, and don’t do well stuck in one 
place for any length of time. Sometimes you make decisions before thinking 
them all the way through.

1. Are optimistic
2. Good sense of humor
3. Outspoken
4. True friend
5. Tied down
6. Stuck
7. Make quick decisions

Capricorn 
Dec 22 to Jan 21
You love things to be perfect and are not happy when things don’t go the 
way you plan. You are independent, and only listen to people you look up 
to. You are also practical, but become pessimistic when things don’t go 
your way. You are good with finances, and do well in business.

1. Need to be perfect
2. According to plan
3. Independent
4. Practical
5. Can be pessimistic
6. Good with finances

Aquarius 
Jan 22 to Feb 21
You are open minded and don’t pass judgment on anyone. Other people feel 
like you are fairly difficult to get to know. You care very much about 
people but find it hard to express it. Once you make a friend they are 
yours for life. You are always looking ahead, and quickly adapt when 
situations change around you.

1. Open-minded
2. Getting to know people
3. Care about people
4. Friend for life
5. Looking ahead
6. Quickly adapt

Pisces 
Feb 22 to Mar 20
You find it hard to make up your mind about things, but you are always 
considerate of others. You are imaginative but can become too busy 
daydreaming. When you make a friend you will do anything to help them, but 
it’s hard for you to get to know people at first.

1. Make up your mind
2. Considerate of others
3. Imaginative
4. Will do anything
5. Meeting people

